on paper this Samsung Galaxy book looks
absolutely exceptional the only thing is
though knowing Samsung they it up
somehow let's figure out what it is open
the computer press the power button
that's what you need to do warranty
don't care about that here we have 140 W
charger which is all being delivered
over USB
type-c damn
it that's not what I wanted to do oh
there's the charging cable how long's
the cable it is 6 ft one thing that is
pretty concerning while we have it
flipped over like this is I don't see
any screws so I suspect getting into
this will be a pain all right so we've
got the Samsung Galaxy Ultra Book 4
right here and my first impressions are
that it's quite well built on the right
we have a micro SD card reader USB type
a headphone microphone combo Jack on the
left hand side two Thunderbolt 4S and
HDMI 2.1 I do really like how the
Samsung logo is all rainbowy it's like
RGB but without the power in the past my
experience with Samsung laptops has been
that they have incredible screens and
the rest kind of just sucks but right
here this feels vastly improved we have
an all metal chassis pushing on it it
feels really great damn before we go any
further there's one thing that I really
need to do this sticker is super crooked
I'm just going to get rid of it oh back
to oh I this is was a mistake I have
made it worse the only thing that can
make it better is a segue to our sponsor
thanks to charge for sponsoring this
video while the galaxy book should in
theory last you all day the Shar geeek
170 power bank is jam-packed with a
24,000 milliamp hour capacity meaning
you get a full extra cycle in and then
some it has a 170 WT total output
threshold with a single USBC Port
supporting two-way charging of up to 140
WS thanks to its PD 3 3.1 standard which
means it both charges and gets charged
super quick and while you're charging
your laptop up plug in different devices
to give them a top up too the Shar geek
170 has two USBC ports and one USB a
port for added versatility plus you can
even monitor your charging process with
their built-in informative display so
check out this beastly battery buddy and
give your devices the charge they
deserve at the link down below wow that
sponsor segue did really clean that up
let's Boot It Up secured by nox o fancy
their noox chip is actually pretty cool
is its own dedicated chip that secures
all of your sensitive stuff in its own
little area for enhanced not getting
hacked I don't know why but this touch
pad just like makes me feel like I'm
drunk like they have some really brutal
Mouse acceleration on it and I just keep
on missing the stuff that I'm going for
like let's go for the X at the top right
missed it completely missed it not even
close it feels really jelly and you can
kind of see
that it seems like the pulling rate is
also really low I'm almost certain
that's a touchpad problem and nothing to
do with like the display one
sec yeah that's awesome that is
absolutely perfect you can see like I'm
moving it across here it looks really
really nice on this display one other
thing that I just noticed is that you
don't actually get the full display if
you look we have rounded corners on the
edges it's something that they did on
the uh surfaces and I guess they're
doing here as well oh my God M's
acceleration anyway anyway anyway specs
specs the specs are good in here we have
an Intel Core Ultra 7
155h that is 16 cores 22 threads and
these things are really really fast also
we have 16 GB of RAM which it says row
of chips so they are presumably soldered
down actually they're definitely
soldered down cuz they're running at
7467 megat transfers per second so you
do get really fast Ram at least even
though you can't upgrade it for the SSD
we have a 512 GB nbme SSD from Samsung
love to see it you guys make excellent
drives we also have arc graphics an npu
with Intel's AI boost and to top it off
an RTX 4050 which means even though this
right here won't be a super duper gaming
laptop it'll probably be a pretty darn
good one and also for Content creation
like video editing photo editing all of
that stuff it is going to be a beast
this 4050 also also goes up to 80 wats
tgp which is very healthy for a 40/50
you'll be getting most of the
performance out of it a it's a
touchcreen we''ve got OLED we've got
touch we've got oh my God this thing
looks good this also has a dynamic
refresh rate so it's able to go from 48
to 120 HZ based on battery saving stuff
but do note that it's not gsync so it's
not going to be doing that for like
frame pacing and games it's more so just
for power savings the resolution also is
a little bit more than quad h D so 2880
by 1800p and hot damn this thing is
excellent the brightness on this panel
is fantastic in SDR you get 400 nits and
in HDR 600 nits and for both of those
that is full screen brightness so you
don't have anything where like a little
tiny window gets super bright and then
when it gets blown up and it all kind of
looks like junk no this just no matter
what you get that full brightness out of
those OLED pixels and look at that pitch
black of course this is a Samsung device
so out of the box everything is pretty
saturated on display but it has heaps of
color profiles so if you just clamp it
down to srgb we have an average Delta e
of 1.2 which is absolutely fantastic we
expect less than two if you want to do
professional color work so you can do
that on here also in HDR the content on
this looks fantastic and we measured an
average Delta e of 13.4 which is really
quite good cuz HDR you are getting both
the color and the brightness to match
which is a bit more difficult and this
display does a fantastic job of that
just look at this for a second Andrew
like like just the background these
little details right
here one thing I did miss before cuz we
just weren't connected to the internet
is that we have a Wi-Fi 6 e card in here
which is quite good but I do wish that I
had Wi-Fi 7 given that this is a very
premium device is the keyboard good
though there is one thing that's kind of
annoying about this we have an
international version of the keyboard
instead of like a North American one so
we don't have a big shift on the left
hand side but oh well I'll deal with
that I don't know how I feel about this
keyboard if I'm honest objectively
speaking it seems pretty good like if we
look here if I push on the side of the
key it actuates the entire key before I
can get much dipping also key to key the
force is really quite good and the
chassis is nice and stiff so it's really
nice and consistent there is I think
it's a little bit stiffer on the right
hand side compared to the left but it's
not too bad that said though the
actuation profile is super weird like
there's no pre-act tuation if that makes
sense like you press on the key nothing
happens then it goes I think part of it
is that now that I've touched it more
there is definitely some inconsistencies
in the switching Force like some of them
take a little bit more Force than others
but mostly it's just kind of a strange
proile like it I don't know you feel
like you're really thonking you're
you're thonking the keyboard overall
though I'm going to give it an A minus I
think it's a solid keyboard you can you
can type on it I got up to almost full
speed there actually I would say that I
got up to full speed and I think that I
would get used to it in an hour or so
and just be ripping on it performance-
wise here are the results from the labs
and overall I would say it did quite
well given that it's an Ultra Book and
it's not particularly large but at the
same time it got AB absolutely smashed
by the Asus G14 which is both smaller
and cheaper so if you're looking for
actual just raw performance this is not
what you want in here we have two
wolfers that I reach 5 watts and two
tweeters that I reach two Watts which
should be very good sounding especially
since they were tuned by
AKG it's clear the mids seem pretty
decent okay that's not too bad that's
not too bad I can jam to
that all right let's let's see how it
compares to a MacBook Pro 14
[Music]
in killed
murdered nice and clear nice and
clear not even
close ouch all right let's have a look
at the webcam here it's 1080p 2
megapixel and Samsung of course on all
of their phones has been doing an
excellent job with their cameras and it
looks like they have applied that here
too this is having a bit of trouble
directly into the lights but it's still
is exposing for my face we turn around
here is it able to figure it out yeah no
problem at all looks nice and clear and
crisp and overall seems pretty good do
we have facial recognition no compatible
camera oh sadness we do have a
fingerprint reader up here on the right
hand side which is on top of the power
button best spot to have it but that
said I do wish that there was facial
recognition especially at this price you
haven't talked about it yet but you're
going to you're going to poop yourself
when you find out how much this thing
costs this is the bit that I said would
be annoying at the start where we have
to remove these oh that actually come
off really easily normally these are
glued on and just never go back on but
maybe these feet won't be too bad
although it also looks like they'll just
fall off after a year or two so that's
not so good four rubber feet four
Phillips head screws and a bunch of
prying later and we are in up top here
we have a big old Vapor chamber which is
how we were able to extract those 80
Watts out of the 40 50 I see a
replaceable SSD right here and an
upgrade slot right there for a second
SSD love to see that sadly the Wi-Fi
card is soldered down so if you want
Wi-Fi 7 I don't know just don't buy this
laptop and for the battery here it is
73.8 W hours and the battery life they
were able to extract from this thing is
incredible in our endurance test we were
able to get over 11 and 1/2 hours on
battery in this thing and espe
especially given this has an OLED
display that is incredible Intel's new
processors even though they might not be
much faster are proving to be quite
efficient and I do really appreciate
that I misread the spec sheet I thought
this was $400 less and still a bad value
but this right here with 16 GB of RAM 1
TB SSD and RTX
4050 is
$2400 it's it's a bit of a sin cuz this
overall quite a good laptop I could see
a lot of people really enjoying this
thing if they didn't just have every
single other laptop as an option at that
price you could instead get a zephyris
g16 for
$22,000 that has the same amount of RAM
and storage but an RTX 470 and I'm
pretty sure it's the exact same panel
from Samsung also this is available with
up to a 470 and that config is
$3,000 so uh I just don't get it it
simply makes no sense for the price that
they're asking to buy this laptop it's
got like a couple medium compromises
like the keyboard's okay trackpads kind
of weird speakers are fine for that
price it needs to be brilliant for
comparison the brand new Spectre X360
from HP has as far as I can tell the
exact same OLED panel which is a
touchcreen 4050 same specs that one is 6
,60 compared to $2400 for this so
overall I just I have no clue where that
price comes from Samsung has made the
battery they made the SSD they made the
display and probably a bunch of the
other stuff in here and presumably they
get a good price on all of those things
but you certainly do not but what you do
get is a thank you from me huge thanks
for watching this video hit like get
subscribed and have a great all day see
you later